good morning it's currently Saturday so
if in without exams for two full days
now this is my third day and I have been
reading pretty much all morning and it's
now nearly ten so I woke up and I read
in bed and then I went from I went and
had some breakfast and I basically kept
on reading at the breakfast table for
ages because I'm really loving my book I
thought I'd quickly give you out an
outfit of the day as well in case you're
interested so this top is from
Abercrombie these pink shorts at they're
from Macy's which sounds really cool so
as I said it's now 10 and I'm working
again on this speech so I'll get back to
you in a little while I'm not sure how
long I'm gonna work on this for I'm
gonna try and work on this for at least
and so it's now currently 12:20 so I
know that it's been quite a while since
I last picked up the camera but I
decided to carry on writing the speech
for an extra hour in 20 minutes so I
managed to finish a first draft but I'm
not entirely happy with it and I think
I'm gonna go through and change it again
but for today that's pretty much what
I'm gonna do on
ok so I've decided that I would like to
go through and clear my computer a
little bit because it's kind of very
much stuffed with files and I'm running
out of space I've got I I like to store
all of my YouTube videos on here but
it's reached a point where I just can't
do it anymore so I'm gonna go through
I'm gonna label some files it's gonna be
a very thankfully process but it's gonna
be worth it it's important that I do
this because it's slowing the computers
down and everything so I've got a hot
wish me luck because I do not like
sorting out my I'm just going to show
you what I'm having for lunch um it
looks like a massive lunch unless you
there's so much food but we're going to
eat some of it now and then we're going
to eat some of it later so I made some
vegan scrambled eggs with tofu and the
nutritional yeast extract
just put some chive and tomato and onion
in my dad has made some red pepper
tapenade and some roasted cool shots so
then I decided to go outside and read
but I've also got this very amusing
series of videos of Lola trying to eat
and olive because it is very very cute
[Music]
so after going on the trampoline I
really wanted to tidy up my bedroom
before my friend Molly came over because
she was coming around for sleepover
[Music]
so as you might have been able to tell
I'm here with Molly he might have seen
in the London vlog
we've spent literally the whole evening
of morning making bubbles even though
I'm 18 and while he's 19 and it's
probably about midday nearly midday
so Molly has to leave